Let's build up on our newly gained knowledge about asynchronous Javascript code execution and let's
dive into network requests and that means let's understand how we can utilize Javascript to send HttpRequests
kind of behind the scenes.
So in this module, we'll have a look at what exactly I mean by that and why we would do that
and of course also how we do that.
We'll then have a look at the two main ways we have for sending such requests, which would be using the
XMLHttpRequest object and the fetch API which is built into modern Javascript.
We'll have a look at how we transfer data between our clients, so between our browser side and the server
side and which different data formats we can use there, namely JSON data and FormData and we'll see
examples for how we can get data with get requests and post data with post requests
and in case it's not clear what get and post means, I'll also explain that in this module.